<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <title>2nd Informal Meeting Minutes for Ethics Form</title>
  <style>
    body {
      font-family: "Arial", sans-serif;
      margin: 40px;
      line-height: 1.6;
    }
    hr {
      margin: 30px 0;
    }
    h2, h3, h4 {
      color: #2e6c80;
    }
    ul, ol {
      margin-left: 20px;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>

<h2>Meeting Minutes</h2>
<hr>

<h3>2nd Informal Meeting Minutes for Ethics Form</h3>
<p><strong>Date:</strong> Tuesday, 2024-10-15</p>

<p><strong>Abstract:</strong><br>
This meeting mainly discussed ethics documentation requirements, completed the preliminary checklist, outlined submission materials, and prepared questions for the supervisor.
</p>

<h4>Participants:</h4>
<ul>
  <li><strong>Attendance:</strong> Zhihao Cao, Changhao Huang, Peini She, Zixin Ding</li>
  <li><strong>Apologies of Absentee:</strong> Jinghao Liu, Zihan Zhou</li>
</ul>

<h4>Meeting Outline:</h4>
<ul>
  <li>✔ Reviewed ethics-related documentation</li>
  <li>✔ Completed Preliminary Checklist:
    <ul>
      <li>Referred to “Personal Data” guidance (from UNUK CS)</li>
      <li>Reviewed UoN Code of Research Conduct and Research Ethics</li>
      <li>Supervisor signature scheduled for 2024-10-16 (online)</li>
      <li>Submission deadline: 2024-10-21 (via Submissions Section)</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Additional Documents (if applicable):
    <ul>
      <li>✔ Full Ethics Checklist</li>
      <li>☐ Participant Information Sheet</li>
      <li>✔ Participant Consent Form (optional – justification needed if not used)</li>
      <li>☐ Participant recruitment materials (e.g., flyers, emails)</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>☐ Prepare questions for supervisor meeting (2024-10-16)</li>
  <li>☐ Assign Chairperson and Secretary roles</li>
  <li>☐ Book group study rooms for team meetings</li>
</ul>

<h4>Questions for Supervisor:</h4>
<ol>
  <li>Should we list all team members' names in the <strong>Applicant Details</strong> section?</li>
  <li>Is the <strong>Preliminary Checklist</strong> submitted once per team, or individually by each member?</li>
  <li>Are our current <strong>project aims</strong> aligned with module expectations? What adjustments may be necessary?</li>
  <li>Can we obtain the supervisor's WeChat and create a team group?</li>
  <li>Are there suggestions for improving our <strong>project timeline and learning plan</strong>?</li>
</ol>

</body>
</html>